The explanation of different folders is listed below:

**APK** 
- Describe the way to access our 23,962 APKs used for large-scale evaluation.

**Signatures** 
- 129 signatures generated by MtdScout and used for detecting method clones.
- There are 6 'RuleX' folders representing the 6 crypto misuse rules.
- The name of each signature represents its description. The format is as follows:
    >   <package_name>.<class_name>\_<method_name>\_<param_1>-...<param_n>.txt
- *project_name_dict_input.txt* represents the <lib_id, lib_name> mapping.


**Evaluation**
- **MtdScout** 
    - *matching_result.txt* includes the 18,944 matching pairs output by MtdScout. 
        - Each line represents one method clone pair, i.e. <m<sub>sig</sub>, m<sub>dex</sub>> pair.
        - Each line follows this format: 
            > \<signature>|\<matched_DEX_method>|\<dexdump_file>|\<Rule>
    - *running_time_MtdScout.txt* records the running time of each app analyzed by MtdScout.
        - Each line follows this format: 
            > <App_category>:<app_name>:<running_time>
    - *dexdump_size_MtdScout.txt* records the dexdump file size of each app analyzed by MtdScout.
        - Each line follows this format: 
            > <App_category>:<app_name>:<file_size>

- **LibScout**
    - **Lib_jars** folder contains the jar files and profiles of 18 libraries that are analyzed by both LibScout and MtdScout.
    - *apk_lib_pairs.txt* describes the 2,291 <lib, apk> pairs output by MtdScout (related to the 18 libraries).
    - *apk_lib_pairs_libscout.txt* describes the 645 <lib, apk> pairs output by LibScout (related to the 18 libraries).
    - *apk_lib_result_dict_MtdScout.json* stores the corresponding method clone pairs of each <lib, apk> pair output by MtdScout.

- **CryptoGuard**
    - *category_app_summary.xlsx* records the number of apps in each category detected by Cryptoguard and MtdScout.
    - *running_time_CryptoGuard.txt* records the running time of each app detected by CryptoGuard.
        - Each line follows this format: 
            > \<App_category>:\<app_name>:\<running_time>
    - *internal_error_apk_list.txt* records the list of apps that encountered internal errors during analysis by CryptoGuard.
    - *timeout_apk_list.txt* records the list of apps that exceeded the 30-minute timeout limit while being analyzed by CryptoGuard.
    

    
